.\" ukui-session-save manual page.
.\" (C) 2000 Miguel de Icaza (miguel@helixcode.com)
.\" (C) 2009-2010 Vincent Untz (vuntz@gnome.org)
.\" (C) 2016, Tianjin KYLIN Information Technology Co., Ltd.
.\"
.TH UKUI-SESSION-SAVE 1 "11 February 2016" "UKUI Desktop Environment"
.\" Please adjust this date when revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH "NAME"
ukui-session-save \- End or save the current UKUI session
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B ukui-session-save [\-\-logout] [\-\-force\-logout] [\-\-logout\-dialog] [\-\-shutdown\-dialog] [\-\-gui] [\-\-kill [\-\-silent]]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBukui-session-save\fP program can be used from a UKUI session to either end the current UKUI session or save a snapshot of the currently running applications (but not both). This session will be later restored at your next UKUI session.
.SH "USAGE"
The \fB\-\-gui\fP option will report errors in dialog boxes instead of printing to stderr.
.PP
If called with the \fB\-\-logout\fP option, the current UKUI session will be ended, unless logging out has been inhibited by an application. The \fB\-\-force\-logout\fP option can be used to end the session regardless of the inhibition state.
.PP
When the \fB\-\-logout\-dialog\fP option is given, the standard dialog displaying logout options is displayed. When \fB\-\-shutdown\-dialog\fP option is given, the standard dialog displaying shutdown options is displayed.
.PP
The \fB\-\-kill\fP and \fB\-\-silent\fP options are deprecated. The \fB\-\-kill\fP option is equivalent to the \fB\-\-logout\-dialog\fP option. If \fB\-\-silent\fP is used with \fB\-\-kill\fR, then it will behave as if \fB\-\-logout\fP was used.
.PP
The session is not saved when \fBukui-session-save\fP is called with any of the options ending the session.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-logout\fR
Log out
.TP
\fB\-\-force-logout\fR
Log out, ignoring any existing inhibitors
.TP
\fB\-\-ogout-dialog\fR
Show logout dialog
.TP
\fB\-\-shutdown-dialog\fR
Show shutdown dialog
.TP
\fB\-\-gui\fR
.br
Use dialog boxes for errors
.TP
\fB\-\-display=DISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-?, \-h, \-\-help\fR
Print standard command line options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-all\fR
Print all command line options.
.SH "BUGS"
.SS Should you encounter any bugs, they may be reported at: 
https://github.com/ukui/ukui-session-manager/issues
.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS This Man Page has been updated/re-written for the UKUI Desktop Environment by:
yilei <yilei@kylinos.cn> (2016)
.SH "HISTORY"
.SS This Man Page has been updated/re-written for the MATE Desktop Environment by:
Adam Erdman <hekel@archlinux.info> (2014)
.SS This Manual was originally written for gnome-session by:
.nf
Miguel de Icaza <miguel@helixcode.com> (2000)
Vincent Untz <vuntz@gnome.org> (2009-2010)
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SS Further information may also be available at: http://wiki.ukui.org/
.P
.BR ukui-session-properties(1),
.BR ukui-wm(1),
.BR ukui-session(1)
